can hirako get any more fucking bad-ass
his first introduction in the third
episode of blackboard he just grabs rent
arroz face slams him it just puts
bullets put swords and money oh my god
hirako is just becoming one of my
favorite villains of this anime season
he's downright a fucking boss I
announced this last episode before that
but he continues to impress me he's
hurting our main male character intro
owning him so fucking bad he didn't even
try okay
he did not even try we could easily tell
that is it oh I was just gonna show you
one of my abilities you might as well
said he did the almighty push that pain
uses in my route Oh because he pushes
him back with like magnetic force we saw
him last episode hold it like
projectiles and sling them back I mean
he's pretty much pain right and I Christ
Jesus boss the pain
either way though hirako is definitely a
good ass villain he has that menacing
atmosphere Atum that I just loved this
episode man okay I need to talk about a
couple of things I thought this series
is gonna be about like the main indle
but Hiroko tried to take down the
monoliths okay but it seems like the
pacing of that story lines with the at
that end goal in mind it's going rather
quickly this is the third episode of
black bullet but we're already outside
of the actual city fighting these I
gastrea at the same time hero codes like
about to initiate his main master plan
so is it just me or is the pacing either
going way too fast or is there something
else that it's gonna happen with the end
goal like flan because the way this
episode was presented to us it pretty
much shows that most likely the model is
coming down is not gonna be safe till
the end of this series so most likely
something else is gonna happen
what if hirako will literally takes down
the monoliths and summons a stage 5 what
if the model is just fall okay that
right there would call and creat Naruko
is another badass way why he's a villain
and at the same time we could see
exactly where the series could go that's
a fury I'm pumping out right there what
if hirako won he got his objective he's
succeeded and humanity is forced almost
literally almost to extinction I closer
they already were it would be
interesting would definitely be
something I'd like to see and it would
make the series all-around more
entertaining even add that more tension
vibe to it but at this episode really it
introduced
couple of elements that really
interesting we have some character
backstory a wall was just getting to see
more prejudice of how people treat the
cursed children
okay so end you our cute little lolly
girl okay she's found out that she's a
cursed child last episode whoa and this
episode we see the entire school I'm
supposedly her friend being nice to her
we saw a nice day where even her best
friend was being nice to her and all of
a sudden she just was off he's me and
all the children are like pushing off
your oh gosh to get away from you're
gonna kill everybody it's your fault
stuff like that those asshole children
okay oh yeah you really see your true
friends when then Tom a need I can tell
you that that pisses me off so about how
they treated into in this episode it
really does and I just at the very least
I have to give it to ratar-o he gets
motivated in you in the proper way he
said I don't worry if anyone rejects you
doesn't like you or whatever I am here
for you net that's nice I mean it's very
cliche we hear that a lot but it's still
badass I like the way he said it I like
the way the voice actor pulled it off
now really
I love the animation this episode is
really good I love the freakin music I
cannot get over that opening song my god
I love that opening sorry so good it's
so good I love it okay so now that I got
that out of the way I liked this episode
each episode is getting even better
we're finding out more development more
character backstory that's really
getting interesting like a stage 5 so
I'm guessing in the first episode when
we saw that giant monster and if I'd
killing everybody in the town of Madrid
Carlo has a little child I'm guessing
that was a stage 5 stage 5 actual
gastrea can completely bypass the
uranium the monoliths that block out
other gosh trees so really cool weirdo
makes them so unique I know their stage
5 okay those high club well man how are
they formed how do they come about I
mean what if my theory I'm throwing out
here was just this is a fury what if a
stage fog Austria can only be achieved
by a cursed child a cursed child when
they finally evolved into a gastrea will
evolve into a stage Bob wouldn't that be
interesting that would be the only way a
stage Bob could be formed and that's why
we get to see a little bit of pure eco
heads got last episode that beat final
evolution of humanity is be
join with the gastric since he was
talking about the cursed children so I
really like the way it was done and
there's a lot of furious I'm pulling off
still in this series which is very
badass I love a series that does this I
love like bullet it's still retaining
one of my favorite anime series of this
and my season I know a lot of people
don't like this series that some people
really enjoy this series a lot of people
compared to attack on Titan a lot of
people put it down for that I feel like
this series just stands on its own very
enjoyable love the tones love the
atmosphere love the music blood the
fucking bad-ass villain what's not to
love about black bullet but of course
everybody has their own opinion on
things so if you dislike the series let
me know in the comments below
please let me know I want to hear your
opinions about it and if you also like
the series let me know what you liked
about it what do you feel about hirako
as a villain everybody loved me so much
please be safe and chibi out